# UBT-withdrawal-Project-SQL-Power-BI-Google-sheets
Ask: "To find out the issue behind the withdrawal of loan files before conversion" Steps followed in this project: Step 1: Extracted relevant data from database through Looker by writing complex SQL queries. I started with extraction of count of files received datewise & monthly.Then I extracted non-conversion rate of files. Step 2: Cleaned the raw data by removing duplicates & audited it to find out the trends & patterns. After depth-in analysis, pivotting & analyzation of trends & patterns, I extracted insights on google sheets. Step 5: Found out the issue by converting raw data into meaningful information & communication gap was the issue. Step 6: Extracted data about communication done by our agents through different channels (call,sms,email), contacted files & non-contacted files to predict the main issue. Step 7: After data analysis & conversion of data into information, I found out issue lies in the call communication. Our customers were unable to understand the process through sms & email & were withdrawing the loan files Step 8: I designed a data visualization as per the data, insights, trends and patterns of the project and communicated the same with stakeholders in a clear and simpler way through bar graphs, line charts etc using Power BI and Google sheets. Step 9: "Strategy" Initiated a new call cadence then trained our agents to call the customers before they reach out to us for help & tracked the call cadence followed by agents & sent reports to managers daily Continued this process till next 3 months which improved call communication by approx 32.9% & decreased withdrawal rate by approx 9.99%
